# LotteryForge

This repository contains the smart contract code and front-end application for a decentralized lottery application built on Ethereum. Participants can enter the lottery by paying an entry fee, and a winner is randomly selected to receive the prize amount when the lottery ends.

## Project Structure

- `contracts/`: Solidity smart contracts for the lottery system.
    - `Lottery.sol`: Main contract for the lottery logic.
- `artifacts/`: Contains build artifacts and contract ABIs generated by Hardhat.
- `lottery-dapp/`: Front-end application for interacting with the lottery contract.
    - `src/`: Source code for the React application.
    - `public/`: Public assets like icons and manifest files.
- `scripts/`: Deployment scripts for deploying the contracts to a network.
- `test/`: Contains tests for the smart contracts.
- `typechain-types/`: TypeScript typings for the smart contracts, generated by TypeChain.

## Features

- **Smart Contract Interaction**: Users can participate in the lottery, view current participants, and see the winner once the lottery ends.
- **Metamask Integration**: The front-end application integrates with Metamask for Ethereum transactions.
- **Localization Support**: The application supports multiple languages, enhancing accessibility for a wider audience.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [Metamask](https://metamask.io/) extension installed in your browser.


### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone <repository-url>

```

2. Change to the project directory:

```bash
cd lottery-dapp
yarn install
```
3.Compile the smart contracts:

```bash
npx hardhat compile
```

4. Deploy the contracts to a network (e.g., testnet):

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts --network <network-name>
```

5. Start the front-end application:

```bash
yarn start
```
6. Testing
   To run the tests for the smart contracts, use:

```bash
npx hardhat test
```
